if you're looking for a great easy left
over friendly dinner you can't get any
better than fried rice not only does it
use cold leftover rice from your
refrigerator but you can throw kind of
anything in there and it makes a great
meal today I'm making a version with
ground pork start off by mincing one
sort of large clove of garlic and one
tablespoon of ginger or make sure that
you peel it first and then very thinly
slice it across you could grade it too
but I find that the yield on minced
ginger is much greater than when you
grate it and I don't mind little pieces
of ginger in fact I love little pieces
of ginger so you cut it into little thin
strips and then cut crosswise those
strips into mints
I like to add a little bit of egg to my
fried rice so I'm gonna scramble two
eggs whisk them these with just a little
bit of soy sauce about a quarter of a
teaspoon that's in place of salt though
I do find that sometimes you want to add
just a little bit of salt to fried rice
anyway because soy sauce while it's
salty it doesn't enhance the flavors in
quite the same way as salt so add about
a tablespoon of oil to a walk or a
nonstick skillet over medium-high heat
add your eggs what you're doing here is
making a very thin omelet and it should
cook really really quickly in a hot pan
in classic style you don't even stir it
you just sort of let it sit in there and
set which is happening very quickly
it's almost set
if you can flip it over I'm gonna do it
guys
oh hey good enough you're gonna cut it
up into little pieces anyway take your
eggs out sort of chop your egg or cut it
into little thin shreds whatever you
want the egg will be added back in after
everything else is incorporated so you
can just set that aside while you're
cooking everything else add another
tablespoon of oil to your pan and then
add one scallion just the white parts
the green parts you'll save for later
the ginger and garlic and you want to
cook that until they're fragrant and
that won't take very long because that
pan was already hot so like 30 seconds
to a minute mm-hmm may be one of my
favorite smells add your pork it's a
half a pound of ground pork if you're
using precooked pork like you had some
leftover if you would add it at the end
just to heat through but this pork needs
to be cooked
when your pork seems to be almost
completely done which mine is nice and
opaque add two carrots shredded half a
cup of peas these can be defrosted
frozen peas or any other vegetable stir
it around then add two cups of cooked
rice the great thing about this recipe
is leftover rice actually worked better
than fresh rice stir and then you're
basically done except for the seasoning
and I'm gonna season this today with soy
sauce and rice vinegar about two
tablespoons of soy sauce and rice wine
vinegar not the seasoned kind but the
unseasoned kind so plain rice wine
vinegar 2 tablespoons seasoned rice
vinegar has sugar and other seasonings
in it it doesn't go so well with all
things so I always buy the unseasoned
it's a very specific flavor
now you're wanting to keep everything
through add your egg dinner is served
and I'll tell you something else this
makes a fantastic breakfast
simply fantastic use for leftovers and
just like that dinner is on the table
fried rice great with leftovers and
great from scratch
you
hi guys thanks for watching this video
be sure to click here if you want to
subscribe and click over here if you
want to continue watching more great
videos like this